revert: `userAttributes` fix in gen1 core SDK (#3466)
BuilderIO/builder: .changeset/curvy-apples-study.md

---
"@builder.io/sdk": patch
---

> Fix: reverts `userAttributes` parsing logic to the old way that requires users to handle/preserve strings on their end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: reverts `2.2.5` change to `userAttributes` parsing logic, as it caused breaking changes in certain cases.
```
